Docs: Enhance basic config instructions. (#771)
dotansimha/graphql-eslint: README.md

      "parser": "@graphql-eslint/eslint-plugin",
      "plugins": ["@graphql-eslint"],
      "rules": {

>         "@graphql-eslint/require-description": [

Author: Added the most commonly applicable rule I could think of, such that this snippet would be enough to deliver value independently.

Unfortunately, the `require-description` rule config is quite verbose. I know @B2o5T has made some changes for the coming major release which reduce this verbosity. I'm curious if it could be reduced further to accept `["error"]` and just default to the complete set of definitions.

Reviewer: I think we can add some simple rule like `no-anonymous-operations` instead.

And about `require-description` rule, I think this rule can't have a default set of definitions - because somebody wants to require description only for `fields`, somebody only for `types`, and somebody only for `ObjectTypeDefinition`.

Author: 🤷‍♂️ Whatever defaults are easiest to expect for the user and also safely not violating any best practices. I imagine descriptions to all definitions is a safe default, and then folks can back it off from there or specify their own.

          "error",
          {
            "on": [
              "ObjectTypeDefinition",
              "InterfaceTypeDefinition",
              "EnumTypeDefinition",
              "InputObjectTypeDefinition",
              "UnionTypeDefinition",
              "FieldDefinition",
              "DirectiveDefinition",
            ],
          },
        ],
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> If your GraphQL definitions are defined only in `.graphql` files and you're only using rules that apply to individual files, you should be good to go :thumbsup:. If you would like to use rules that apply across schema and operation definitions across multiple files, see [here](#using-rules-with-constraints-that-span-the-entire-schema).

Author: ```suggestion
If your GraphQL definitions are defined only in `.graphql` files and you're only using rules that apply to individual files, you should be good to go 👍.. If you would like to use rules that apply to schema and operation definitions across the entire collection of definitions at once, see [here](#using-rules-with-constraints-that-span-the-entire-schema).
```

#### Tell ESLint to apply this plugin to GraphQL definitions defined in code files.

> If you are defining GraphQL schema or GraphQL operations in code files, you'll want to define an additional override to extend the functionality of this plugin to the GraphQL schema and operations in those files.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are defining GraphQL schema or GraphQL operations in code files, you'll want to define an additional override to extend the functionality of this plugin to the schema and operations in those files.
```

> ```diff

Author: Changed formatting to diff to make it clear what's actually changing here.

{
  "overrides": [
+    {
+      "files": ["*.tsx", "*.ts", "*.jsx", "*.js"],

> +      "processor": "@graphql-eslint/graphql"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+     "processor": "@graphql-eslint/graphql"
```
Remove one space will be better 
![778B1E6A-B0F4-4A57-88E1-322B6A0522F3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7361780/141453114-397a4377-3151-4c4f-b31a-1f607925543f.jpeg)

Author: Ahh. Good catch. Will fix.

+    },
    {
      "files": ["*.graphql"],
      "parser": "@graphql-eslint/eslint-plugin",
      "plugins": ["@graphql-eslint"],
      "rules": {

>         "@graphql-eslint/require-description": [

Author: Added the rule here as well to make this a complete valid value-delivering snippet.

See other comments about the specific rule above.

          "error",
          {
            "on": [
              "ObjectTypeDefinition",
              "InterfaceTypeDefinition",
              "EnumTypeDefinition",
              "InputObjectTypeDefinition",
              "UnionTypeDefinition",
              "FieldDefinition",
              "DirectiveDefinition",
            ],
          },
        ],
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> Under the hood, specifying the `@graphql-eslint/graphql` processor for code files will cause `graphql-eslint/graphql` to extract the schema and operation definitions from these files into virtual GraphQL documents with `.graphql` extensions. This will allow the overrides you've defined for `.graphql` files, via `files: ["*.graphql"]`, to get applied to the definitions defined in your code files.

Author: Explaining what this additional override is doing per discussion https://github.com/dotansimha/graphql-eslint/discussions/757

> #### Using rules with constraints that span the entire schema.

Author: We probably need another section that explains configuration of `parserOptions.schema`, which can acknowledge use-case of remote schema. That section can then just be referenced here. I'll add to this PR.

Author: Meh. Just changing title to serve both.

Some rules require an understanding of the entire schema at once. For example, [no-unreachable-types](https://github.com/dotansimha/graphql-eslint/blob/master/docs/rules/no-unreachable-types.md#no-unreachable-types) checks that all types are reachable by root-level fields.

To use these rules, you'll need to tell ESLint how to identify the entire set of schema definitions.

If you are using [`graphql-config`](https://graphql-config.com/), you are good to go. `graphql-eslint` integrates with it automatically and will use it to load your schema!

> Alternatively, you can define `parserOptions.schema` in the override in your eslint config.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can define `parserOptions.schema` in the `*.graphql` override in your ESLint config.
```

The parser allows you to specify a json file / graphql files(s) / url / raw string to locate your schema (We are using `graphql-tools` to do that). Just add `parserOptions.schema` to your configuration file:

```diff
{
  "files": ["*.graphql"],
  "parser": "@graphql-eslint/eslint-plugin",
  "plugins": ["@graphql-eslint"],

>   "rules": {

Author: Adding example rule to make this snippet independently value-delivering. An alternative would be to extend `schema/recommended` functionality, but I don't know if it'll be suitable until after major version release.

    "no-unused-types": ["error"]
  },

> +  "parserOptions": {

Author: Same here 😅

> +    "schema": "./schema.graphql"

Author: I'll update this to `diff` for operations as well. I don't have bandwidth to evaluate those docs presently though, as I don't have a natural use-case in front of me. I'll circle back there once I'm using it.

To provide that, we are using `@graphql-tools` loaders to load your sibling operations and fragments, just specify a glob expression(s) that points to your code/.graphql files:

```diff
{
  "files": ["*.graphql"],
  "parser": "@graphql-eslint/eslint-plugin",
  "plugins": ["@graphql-eslint"],
  "rules": {

>     "unique-operation-name": ["error"]

Reviewer: must be `@graphql-eslint/unique-operation-name`, btw don't worry I'll fix this

Author: Good catch! The same probably needs added to line 141.
